The Joe Rogan experience. You think about how many bets are placed? Oh,
Jesus Christ. I mean, there's so much money, so much money.
Out there. People love to gamble, games. When games are on,
people love to gamble. You think.
Is spent this weekend. Jamie, come on, Jamie. My question.
Joey, like, why is that a problem?
Like w w w what's helping us by letting them regulate that?
Like, why, why does that ha why do you have to have a license to gamble?
Why know if you think someone's not paying their taxes and you can prove it,
is it because it's money, it's cash that's been thrown around mostly. Like,
what, why is it an issue? The government's got not getting their piece.
It seems ridiculous that grown adults could tell other grown adults that can't
gamble, but you can hear, but you can't they're okay.
So things like legalization of marijuana, like legalization of,
uh, cocaine, like legalization of anything, bro. You know what?
There's going to be winners. And there's going to be losers.
My friends two years ago, Connecticut did a,
did an expo say on 60 minutes about women who have just
lost their minds gambling at Mohican sun
because they installed no, no disrespect. The Mohican sun, a casino industries.
They installed these type of slot machines that could just
with your mind. What?
So these women were going down there and losing mortgages
houses. You know, I was like a John Waters movie,
the dog dog. It was just something that listen to
[inaudible].
Let's get something out of the way.
The biggest, uh,
percentage of the generate gamblers are usually women let's look this
percentage up here. Women.
Go deep. That's a hole.
They don't give a about nothing. They, they play cards.
Women bang.
It out. Wow. And they bang it out while you're at work, Joe Rogan,
while I'm at work, they start with a horse. Then they go to this, you know,
those little pros they do in Jersey where they think they, when you know,
when Atlantic city was Atlantic city, you went to union city, right?
You pay 15 bucks to get on a bus. They gave you a coupon book.
And when you get to Alexa, they give it $15 and quarters back.
So that basically driving you to gamble and drive back.
I believe in gambling, I believe in making your living.
I believe that it's an itch. It's an illness, whatever.
But when you're losing your house
has got that's where I want to know where that's, where it bothers me.
It's just like, okay, it's just like, I'm drug abuse.
It's just like the opiate problem. It's just like any thing else.
It could you and I both know people who have lost their
lives gambling. Okay. You've seen people pool halls.
You see how they get Joe Rogan.
There's no difference in the drug addict and the gambling addict. Not at all.
It's no different.
There. It's just a scary too, because they're conscious. It's like,
if you see the drug addict, you see him he's shooting up or whatever it is.
And you see him fainting, you go, oh, that poor bastard.
But when you see a guy who's fully in the grips of gambling,
trying to figure out how to make, get his money back.
And he's all jazzed up with adrenaline. He doesn't understand why.
There's gamblers like Michael Jordan. Then there's gamblers like Joey Diaz,
there's gamblers who have the means to gamble.
And that is a killer. Also like a Michael Jordan, like Michael Jordan.
And I'm not saying nothing bad. I'm a Michael Jordan accusations.
That you hear that he even bets on his own one-on-one basketball games.
Like he was very, uh, he was very, uh, competitive. Oh yeah.
But now how Joey Diaz was doing it, not how people Charles Barkley.
Lost nearly $30 million gambling. It says, Jesus,
uh, Joey, how much money has child money?
How many people did you grow up with that will like Joey Diaz.
Now that I have the means that when 19 years old, okay.
And one night they put a 10 times better than a Nick game. And they won $50.
When you're 19 $50 is a lot of money. That's a lot of fun.
So now you think you got the world by the balls. So you do it again on Friday,
Saturday, and now you enter this world,
Joe Rogan that gets dark it's it's uh, instead of the,
uh, drug addiction or the alcohol addiction every morning,
you wake up like is today my lucky day.
It's like the people who go to the seven 11 every day.
And you're trying to just get a pack of Rowan papers. You you're just in a rush,
you just left your Jitsi. You just want rolling papers and border.
There's a guy in front of you. And he's telling you, give me 360 8, 4 60 fours.
And this poor whatever gives them 20 lottery tickets.
And it's $118. This is what this guy is doing every day,
seven days a week, my friend, and he bite me.
He might be winning $200 a week,
but every week he's getting deeper and deeper into a hole. Because in your mind,
you think today's your lucky day. And it's never you're luck.
I was in that hole when I was 19 dog. And I saw a friend lose.
80,000.
When you're 18 years old and he had to get three jobs.
And I never really with that. Again, I learned that addiction,
that left my world early. You know, who's the degenerate loser gambler,
John Gotti. He wanted because they brag, right?
That's that conversation. They may.
Get away from me. You know, I have no idea.
If I had Michigan in the hook, I would have made 30,000.
They lose 80,
90 200,000 a weekend that the system is
designed to bury the degenerate gambler.
Like from, from August 15th.
Look at this
John Gotti secret obsession that weighed 600 bets in Scrabble and a
$3,000 monopoly. Buy-in no idea,
guys. We did the generous for like eight for like seven months.
I played this ugly game, Joe, that I would start.
I knew the action. I knew that you had a bet on Monday nights and try to win.
And you know what I lost every week and all these people who sell you
information, listen, arch Litesa played the game.
Lost Pete rose,
Baton lost even Michael Jordan button lost there's rumors.
That that's why he was asked to play baseball for a few years because it was a
cover up again. I did not write this. This is just things I hear on the road.
Everybody has a boat.
Gambling grabs you weird, bro. Weird.
And they grabbed me for a long time. I kept picking.
That was the day and I kept betting 40 times. What's up Jamie.
If they had a problem playing Scrabble,
they would call up the Parker brothers hotline.
Dick mobsters would to dispute the rules and have them explain what those
what's. The.
Kia is a word he's playing me. Now. It's a word joke.
Stop. Minkah is not a word. Stop. Minky is the word. Wiki, Wiki,
Wiki dude. He told me I used to stop me.
That's why they would get into arguments about garbage man,
garbage man cafe.
You know, uh, oh my God.
Gambling is a nightmare.
And once you get caught in the web and you enjoy rogue and it shuts me down,
then I start putting bats with Jamie.
And then pretty soon I start puking, dipping into accounts.
And pretty soon now you're done. Now you get forced into a bad hand.
Told you that I was a backer on the road for a while. My friend, Johnny B,
when I started making money doing stand up,
I put together a little bank roll and me and him would go places and gamble.
And, uh, he would win or lose, you know, sometimes he'd win, sometimes lose,
but it was just, uh, being an action. It was fun. You know,
that kind of gambling. Like I was never good enough to like play those guys,
but I could play like people that were like my level and he'd bet like 20 bucks.
Or maybe if you want to get crazy about like 50 bucks.
I never bet like a lot of money gambling on pool, but it makes you think more.
It makes you play like way more serious. It's good for your game.
And if you can have a friendly sparring partner, they play like friendly games,
like maybe a, a race to seven for 20 bucks.
So it's cost you probably in any city pool halls.
I don't know what the rate is per hour,
but they gotta be like at least 20 bucks once.
And for all, I want you to break it down for me.
I walk into a pool hall with Jamie. Yeah. I got 10 GS cash in my pocket.
Jamie's my main man. How do I exactly make money?
And why is it that the people in the room pass money around?
And how does that money get dispersed?
It was real simple. Everybody puts like you put in I'm in for 120 matches.
Like it depends on who's putting it together.
Cause they might decide to just pooling all their money.
Like everybody put in on one side pooling money and you know,
and back this guy or they might be betting on the side.
They might not even be playing the game.
There's always side bets side bets are probably more like if you had a bet,
if you had like a big pool game, right in a, they used to be a place called, uh,
w west end billiards.
I think in New Jersey west end,
I think it was called if found west end billiards,
it was a world famous pool hall. We would take the drive from, um,
from New York to go down to New Jersey,
to this famous pool hall that would have these like serious high level
professionals play there and real high level hustlers from all over the country.
We'd go there for big money games.
You go there and watch people play for $5,000, $10,000.
I mean the best in the world would be there all the time.
I got to play against some of the best in the world. They killed me,
but I got to play against him against him. Like real good guys.
You send to the tournament, you and I,
and you and I are in the tournament and you are, uh,
Efrin Rayez like the greatest of all time or Earl Stricklin or Johnny Archer.
And I'm just Joe Rogan. I, I barely could play it. Doesn't matter.
I put my money up. I enter the tournament.
I can play against you unless it's a huge, huge,
like where you have to get invited.
Does Joey Diaz come on the side and go, listen,
I'm putting three to one odds on this.
Sure. Some people definitely. Definitely. That's a side. Yes. I that's all,
I don't know how the pool, we got a hundred bucks.
On Archer. You know, you'd never seen this Diaz kid play.
I got a hundred on Diaz and dudes I'll take that. I'll take that.
And then you just work it out and everybody works it out.
But when sometimes guys will get together and back somebody to like, say,
if you got it like a friend, that's a really good player.
And this guy's coming in from out of town and he wants to take a crack at him
and go, well, he wants to play a hundred dollars sets. Okay.
And then you have to think how many barrels do we have?
You pool your money together? Okay. We've got four barrels.
That means if he wants to play sets, we can lose four times.
So you have to be able to lose a couple of gain a couple.
Like if you're going to really play a guy out, these guys would play 10,
12 hours. Then we keep going back and forth and back and forth. It's it's,
it's crazy. Like I've seen guys and you would see him the next day.
They'd still be playing. You'd go there in the morning.
They'd be playing all through the night. I don't know what the they were on.
Most likely, some sort of amphetamines. That was a big thing.
The pool world for a while, guys would just break each other with gambling.
It would just, it would be about who quits it wouldn't be about who won.
It's very rarely about like, you know, like you would, you'd be,
you would be frowned upon highly. If you left on top,
say if you're ahead by 500 bucks and you want to quit me and I,
and I'm still ready, ready to keep playing. I still got more money, man.
Let me win my money back. If you just walked away. Nope, I've got what I wanted.
I'm going to leave now.
Like that would be you you'd be what's called bad action. Or.
Guys, I got two kids. I have to get up at seven and go in the pool.
Hall with two kids. You're not playing that kind of pool. There.
Ain't nobody with two kids playing that level pool in pool halls like gambling
and hustle pool. Maybe now there are, there's actually a few guys.
I take that back. There's a few guys with kids that, uh,
are top of the food chain. There's a pool hall.
Mile from my house. Whenever I get,
whenever I go into Hollywood now I can't do Laurel canyon no more.
So I got to go a long way and I get off on victory just to see it,
always fell with the generates. I'm petrified to pull in there. Some.
Places were home to me. You know which.
One I'm talking about right next to the strip club? Is that.
Is that on victory, victory, right?
When you exit that is a strip club right next to a pool.
Well, I know the only good one in this area. I shouldn't say the only good one.
The only good one that I know of is house of billiards and Sherman Oaks.
I like this area. Have.
You been, this is great,
but on the one-on-one have you seen what that place is that where you took me
there? A couple of times to eat. We did Kami there. Member Holly would Billy,
as you took me there, it's a building.
What is it now to go there next time? What does it look like? I don't Joe,
the next time I drove by and I was like, oh my God,
we did comedy there to.
Eat there with aria. We played pool there. A bond
at that place was.
Done. That whole area is completely. That's where I'm at crazy max. I really.
Like that. Dude can play some. Yeah. And pool.
Woo. So when you play max app, how much drive to put up there? I still pull up.
Well, I would get.
Tortured. You would have to bet like that. I would go to,
you're never going to bet on me. Like a guy like max Eberly.
He's top of the food chain. As far as his technique and delivery,
he could win a world championship tournament, like legitimately. He's that good?
I have no chance. Like if we play 12 games, I might win a couple.
I might get lucky and win a few. Maybe I'll win four.
He's going to win way more. He's going to get to 12 for sure. Quicker.
It'd be a terrible bet. The bet would be how many games do I get to?
That'd be the bat. If you say, uh,
you'll never get past three because a guy like max Abla can run 10 racks in a
row and I'm not exaggerating. I've seen him do it.
Blam brakes runs 10 racks in a row. But to the point where you're sitting there,
he did it in Vegas. We were all hanging out. I think it was man. Was it Ari?
I forget who came with me?
I forget guys. You're going to the Italian place.
Yes. That place is amazing. And that's exactly what max max was playing.
He would break and run out on guys and they would just get frustrated.
They'd be like, what the, man. They just get, didn't get to shoot.
We watched him. He was some guy. And when the set was over,
the guy was just off. Cause matches would miss. It was crazy.
Just watch him.
He's playing a guy that really just wanted to take a chance and play like a top
of the food chain guy. And he gambled with him.
But just watching the difference between a kid who can play a little pool is
pretty good versus a world championship caliber pool play.
They're so precise.
Like his technique is so clean and his angles are perfect and he's just effort
effortlessly move in the cue ball on the table to where he wants it.
He sees clusters and problems way in advance and breaks them up.
It's so high level. That's my boy. That's max, Albert Lee.
He taught me how to play pool. Uh,
not that I didn't already play it before I met him,
but he taught me how to play it way better, way better.
He made my game way more, uh, technical.
He was explaining things that I was just guessing before.
And he was explaining what was wrong with my approach. And like,
what was the what's what's a better way to do it. He's a wizard.
When it comes to technique.
Now he can make a living going from pool hall to pool hall or no way.
Cause he's.
Well, he's an artist too. Fortunately for max, he, uh,
he makes pretty cool artwork, like, um, a lot.
See it's some of it's probably on his Instagram. [inaudible].
No, no, no, no. Max that does.
Pull Hughes. Who does poke you somebody along the way.
I said he makes like eight. [inaudible] Eric, Chris.
That's my boy, Eric from [inaudible].
That's what I play with. I play with his cue. His cue is a, he's a wizard man.
He's a guy who's like really into like the grains of woods.
He's really into like patterns. And he thinks of like, to him,
wood is like mesmerizing.
He finds like the most beautiful pieces of wood and con combines them
together. And they have to have a certain harmonic frequency.
Like he drops them on a cement floor, just like dink dink.
Like he wants to hear a certain sound from the wood. Otherwise he won't use it.
He's like finding logs on the side of the highway and and recognizing some weird
hardwood that no one's ever used before.
And he cuts it up and makes a cue out of it. He's a wizard.
Like his cues are for any, he doesn't give a. He makes as many as he wants.
He w you know, sometimes you don't make them for awhile.
Makes them for his friends. Won't let me pay for one.
After I have to pay for everything, just to not feel terrible.
He's like the nicest guy ever play some pool too.
So I don't even know when this podcast started Amazon it's happening before we
started, we were talking about, uh, yeah, 4.8 billion. Oh my goodness.
Yeah. 3%.
Will happen in Nevada. Only 3%. So most of it online.
Online was that Chris Christie thing, you pulled up earlier, Jamie.
Listen online and banks, banks.
There's still people who are like, uh, you know, they have,
they got a ton of loot.
Chris Christie goes to the Supreme court on betting.
Is he trying to get sports betting.
Legalized? They passed something in New Jersey,
I think in 2011 to allow betting and sports,
but it's still only allowed in Vegas because of whatever law there is.
I'm back on your team, Chris. All right. So he has a Supreme, a few problems,
but we all do 17.
States also with them on this. I think they want to do it.
So he won. He opposed it or he's.
They wanted, again,
they want betting again because they have an NHL team in Vegas.
And that's always been like the, the logic is that there'll be some issue,
whatever you can't be betting where their sports being played,
because someone will throw the game.
Everybody should be able to bet every city she'll do whatever you want. Right.